README.md, before:

# North Carolina Elections Project

## Contributors

- Alisa Kwok
- Edwin Alvarado
- Nick Solomon

## Project Description

In this project, we will use the publicly available [North Carolina voter 
history and registration files](http://dl.ncsbe.gov/index.html?prefix=data/) to
create demographic profiles of voters in the 2012, 2014, and 2016 elections.
Then these profiles will be compared with other measures of the voting
population, including the Current Population Survey, administered by Census
Bureau and the Department of Labor. Finally, our findings will be presented
publicly on the Internet, allowing for anyone who is interested to explore the
difference between the actual population of North Carolina and the voting
population.

## Timeline

#### Wednesday, April 5
SQL database set up

#### Friday, April 7
CPS / CCES / ANES data identified, imported

#### Monday, April 10
All data wrangled, tidied

#### Wednesday, April 12
Initial visualizations made

#### Wednesday, April 19 - Sunday, April 23
Work on app started, presentation preparation

#### Wednesday, April 26 - Friday, April 28
Presentations

#### Wednesday, May 10
Project submitted

Commit message:

Add link to shiny app

README.md, after:

# North Carolina Elections Project

## Contributors

- Alisa Kwok
- Edwin Alvarado
- Nick Solomon

## Outcome

Our project resulted in a [`shiny` dashboard](https://nc-elections.shinyapps.io/nc-elections) compiling our findings that allows users to explore the data interactively.

## Project Description

In this project, we will use the publicly available [North Carolina voter
history and registration files](http://dl.ncsbe.gov/index.html?prefix=data/) to
create demographic profiles of voters in the 2012, 2014, and 2016 elections.
Then these profiles will be compared with other measures of the voting
population, including the Current Population Survey, administered by Census
Bureau and the Department of Labor. Finally, our findings will be presented
publicly on the Internet, allowing for anyone who is interested to explore the
difference between the actual population of North Carolina and the voting
population.

## Timeline

#### Wednesday, April 5
SQL database set up

#### Friday, April 7
CPS / CCES / ANES data identified, imported

#### Monday, April 10
All data wrangled, tidied

#### Wednesday, April 12
Initial visualizations made

#### Wednesday, April 19 - Sunday, April 23
Work on app started, presentation preparation

#### Wednesday, April 26 - Friday, April 28
Presentations

#### Wednesday, May 10
Project submitted
